Hello.
I'm Derek Walker, the pastor of the Oxford Bible Church, and I just want to encourage you with a
The scripture from 1 Corinthians 2.9.
10, which applies to our present situation. I want you to know that God has plans for your good, to give you a future and a hope. And that verse says that
that.
God has prepared for us something awesome. Eye is not seen nor ear heard, nor is even entered into the heart of man, the things that God has prepared for those who love Him.
You love him.
And in this trial,
It's a strange time.
If you will love him, that's the key. If you will love him,
And God has an awesome future prepared for you. And you will enter into it.
3. What He asks from you.
Is that you love him
That you put in first.
And then,
All that God has prepared for you in his love will come to pass in your life. But you have to love him. You have to put in first. You have to exalt him. You have to praise him.
him.
you know yes by all means keep in touch with the news but make sure first of all you keep in touch with God
And his grace in your life will protect you and cause you to rise up and you'll move from this situation into
The greater glory.